README.md, before:

# Obsidian Plugin E2e Test

This is a sample repo demonstrating how to write test cases that interact with obsidian.

## Notable files
- test/spec.js - This is a mocha test case that is using [spectron](https://www.electronjs.org/spectron) to control obsidian
- Dockerfile - This will let you run your tests inside CI
- .github/workflows/action.yml - CI setup so your tests run in github

## Running the test cases

If you are on a computer Docker you can run `make e2e`. If you want to write test cases against your local version of Obsidian you need to set `OBSIDIAN_PATH` to be the path to your obsidian executable. Then run the tests `yarn test`

### Mac
```
export OBSIDIAN_PATH=/Applications/Obsidian.app/Contents/MacOS/Obsidian
```

### Linux
This is the most tested environment since I do local dev on linux.
```
curl -LO https://github.com/obsidianmd/obsidian-releases/releases/download/v0.11.13/Obsidian-0.11.13.AppImage
chmod +x Obsidian-0.11.13.AppImage
./Obsidian-0.11.13.AppImage --appimage-extract
export OBSIDIAN_PATH=$(pwd)/squashfs-root/obsidian
# You might want to look into the Dockerfile to see what things you need to apt-install to get obsidian to run
```

### Windows
I dunno. PRs welcome if you get this working.

## Tips
- [Spectrons documentation](https://github.com/electron-userland/spectron)
- [this.app.client is a webdriver browser](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/browser/$)

Commit message:

Update packages and migrate to Yarn (#1)
* Migrate to Yarn
* Add 'prototools' config
* Disable running tests until we finish migrating to new framework
* Add CSpell config and dictionary
* Add double-quotes to Makefile
* Add Obsidian version as an argument to Dockerfile
* Update GitHub action to build 'main' and 'develop' branches

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Plugin E2E Test

This is a sample repo demonstrating how to write test cases that interact with Obsidian.

## Notable files

- `test/spec.mjs` - This is a mocha test case that is using [spectron](https://www.electronjs.org/spectron) to control obsidian
- `Dockerfile` - This will let you run your tests inside CI
- `.github/workflows/action.yml` - CI setup so your tests run in github

## Running the test cases

If you are on a computer Docker you can run `make e2e`. If you want to write test cases against your local version of Obsidian you need to set `OBSIDIAN_PATH` to be the path to your obsidian executable. Then run the tests `yarn test`

### macOS

```bash
export OBSIDIAN_PATH=/Applications/Obsidian.app/Contents/MacOS/Obsidian
```

### Linux

This is the most tested environment.

```bash
version="0.11.13"
filename="Obsidian-${version}.AppImage"
curl -LO https://github.com/obsidianmd/obsidian-releases/releases/download/v${version}/${filename}
chmod +x ${filename}
./${filename} --appimage-extract
export OBSIDIAN_PATH=$(pwd)/squashfs-root/obsidian
# You might want to look into the Dockerfile to see what things you need to apt-install to get obsidian to run
```

### Windows

> [!WARNING]
> Not yet working.

## Tips

- [Spectrons documentation](https://github.com/electron-userland/spectron)
- [this.app.client is a webdriver browser](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/browser/$)
